---
title: ISA 2015
author:
- name: Andrew Heiss
  affiliation: Duke University
  email: andrew.heiss@duke.edu
date: February 6, 2015
published: Incomplete Draft. Please do not cite without permission.
...

# Introduction

Page 27 in 2015 NSS (http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/docs/2015_national_security_strategy.pdf)

# Lit review

Take stuff from comps, ISA proposal, Vanberg proposal 



# Hypotheses

The findings should indicate that the variation in INGO restrictions can be partially explained by a regime's need to use them as a mechanism for regime stability—more consolidated dictatorships should see more restrictions on associations.

Dupuy, et al show that governments fear foreign aid
H1: Autocracies will be more restrictive when their governments are unstable - indicates doubling down during threats on the regime
a. More restrictive as regime is more unstable
b. More restrictive as ruler is in power longer
H2: Autocracies will be more restrictive when uncompetitive - shows that they have to be permissive to get in power, but then start to 
a. Autocracies will be more restrictive the longer it has been since there was a competitive election
b. Autocracies will be less restrictive when the opposition is stronger and more likely to win


# Data and methods

## Dependent variable

Freedom of association - no good measure of advocacy space. Some have measured restrictions on foreign funding, or general restrictions on advocacy, but those are limited measures and only capture one dimension of restrictiveness.

CIRI data isn't perfect and it is far from granular - what are the substantive differences between the levels? Nevertheless, it can serve as a useful proxy for the association or advocacy space that a regime permits. 

Distribution of CIRI + across regimes

Average association in democracies


Regime type - UDS vs. polity

## Key independent variables

Average association in comp/noncomp
Average association in stable/not stable


## Controls

Random effects explanation here


# Results

Show models - table + separation plots + simulated predicted probabilities

# Discussion, implications, and limitations

# Conclusion
